.TH k2hr3 "1" "March 2021" "k2hr3" "K2HR3"
.SH NAME
k2hr3 \- K2HR3 Command Line Interface.
.PP
.SH COMMAND
.TP 0
\fBk2hr3 [command] [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP 0
K2HR3(K2Hdkc based Resource and Roles and policy Rules) is one of extended RBAC (Role Based Access Control) system.
K2HR3 works as RBAC in cooperation with OpenStack and Kubernetes which are the IaaS(Infrastructure as a Service), and also provides useful functions for using RBAC.
.br
K2HR3 is a system that defines and controls HOW(policy Rule), WHO(Role), WHAT(Resource), as RBAC.
Users of K2HR3 can define Role(WHO) groups to access freely defined Resource(WHAT) and control access by policy Rule(HOW).
By defining the information and assets required for any system as a Resource(WHAT), K2HR3 system can give the opportunity to provide access control in every situation.
.br
K2HR3 provides +SERVICE feature, it strongly supports user system, function and information linkage.
.PP
.SH COMMAND
.IP \fBconfig\fR 15
This is an operation command for outputting and reading the settings for the k2hr3 command to the configuration file.
.IP \fBversion\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 VERSION API.
.IP \fBtoken\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 TOKEN API.
.IP \fBlist\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 LIST API.
.IP \fBrole\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 ROLE API.
.IP \fBpolicy\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 POLICY API.
.IP \fBresource\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 RESOURCE API.
.IP \fBservice\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 SERVICE API.
.IP \fBacr\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 ACR(ACCESS CROSS ROLE) API.
.IP \fBuserdata\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 USERDATA API.
.IP \fBextdata\fR 15
This is the command for the K2HR3 EXTDATA API.
.PP
.SH OPTION
.IP \fB\--help(-h)\fR 15
Specify the help of k2hr3 or each command of k2hr3 to display the help of each command.
.IP \fBother options\fR 15
Check with the --help (-h) option.
.PP
.SH CONFIGURATION
.TP 0
The k2hr3 command reads /etc/antpickax/k2hr3.config as a global configuration file.
After that, if the ~ HOME/.antpickax/k2hr3.config file exists as a user specific configuration file, load it.
In addition, you can switch the configuration file with the --config(-c) option.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
https://k2hr3.antpick.ax/
.SH BUGS
.TP
Please report owner and committer.
.SH AUTHOR
k2hr3 has been written by Takeshi Nakatani.
